[DOCS] Expands the documentation of Node Query Cache (#51105)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/indices/query_cache.asciidoc

[[query-cache]]
=== Node Query Cache

The query cache is responsible for caching the results of queries. There is one 
queries cache per node that is shared by all shards. The cache implements an LRU 
eviction policy: when a cache becomes full, the least recently used data is 
evicted to make way for new data. It is not possible to look at the contents 
being cached.

> 

Reviewer: I'd take the opportunity to tighten this up a bit. 

The results of queries used in the filter context are cached in the node query cache for fast lookup.
The cache uses an LRU eviction policy: when the cache is full, the least recently used query results are evicted to make way for new data. You cannot inspect the contents of the query cache.

The query cache only caches queries which are being used in a filter context. 
However, term queries are not eligible for caching, not even in the filter 

> context.

Reviewer: If you mention that this cache is for queries used in a filter context above, you can probably just focus on the exceptions here:

Term queries and queries used outside of a filter context are not eligible for caching.

> It caches up to 10000 queries in up to 10% of the total heap space by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the cache holds a maximum of 10000 queries in up to 10% of the total heap space. 
```

To determine if a query is eligible for caching, a history of queries is 
maintained to track occurrences.

> 

Reviewer: I'd probably switch this to the active voice:

To determine if a query is eligible for caching, Elasticsearch maintains a query history to track occurrences.

Caching is done on a per segment basis if a segment contains at least 10000 
documents and the segment has at least 3% of the total documents of a shard. Due 

> to the per segment basis, segment merging can invalidate a cached query.

Reviewer: Maybe:

Because caching is per segment, merging segments can invalidate cached queries.
